And The Last Lecture we created our own pipe.
And we also allow the user to pass the parameter.
Now I want to create another new pipe because I want to show you something which might look strange
at the beginning.
Let's add a new element here above our unordered list and this should be an input field.
So input of type text.
I want to allow the user to filter out a service for example by status so that once you type stable
in there you'll see servers with the status stable.
So therefore an input text field and a want to use two way data binding to bind.
So energy model and bind is to filtered status.
For example this of course would be a new property I set up here in my component.
So below all my service I have filtered status which is an empty string at the beginning filtered status
like this.
So if we save this we should see this new input field here at the top.
Let's maybe add a horizontal line below it just for styling reasons.
And with that we can enter something here.
But of course this does not do anything.
Now I want to build a pipe which I can apply to this list somehow which allows me to then only view
the service which do indeed fulfill the requirements year.
So to do this I will add a new pipe here and for this I will now use DC I so Engy generate pipe would
be a cut here or just g p and then the name of your pipe and I will name it faulter folder pipe.
So by typing folder This gives me also a testing file which I don't need but then the folder pipe here
and there you can see it all the pre-populated the name here in my pipe decorator and it gives me this
interface and well gives me just transform method in its most basic form.
So in here I want to allow the user to filter and I will indeed get an argument.
The first argument of this list of arguments this will be what the user entered.
So the filter string you could say and this will be a string.
Well and then here I want to implement some logic which allows me to only return the elements of the
array which fulfilled this argument or which fulfilled this field or string here where the status of
the server matches this filter string to be precise.
For this I will.
First of all check if value that length and value will here be the array of service.
It doesn't have to be a string.
This is the first important take away it can also be an array.
Here can be any data you output in the end.
So here I want to check if de-value laying is zero so if it's empty in which case I will just return
values.
I will basically just quit.
There is nothing to display.
And now off checking this.
The interesting part happens here.
I simply want to check where I want to loop for through all my items in my value and value here will
be an array.
Keep this in mind and then I want to check if my status of each server matches the filter string up
here.
So for this I can simply check if item Dud's status.
And of course you could write this more generic ampacity to be folder property here as a second argument.
Like proper name which is a string and then you could simply say item Propp name in square brackets.
So if this equals my fault or string only if it is equal only in this case I want to return it.
So I should add a new result array.
This area will use temporarily here and I will push new items on this result array.
So will push any items on this array which fulfill my Kotite criteria here which are or which have a
status or a proper name in general equal to my filter string.
So here I will then push item on this array and return this result array in the end and therefore this
result array will only hold the items where the proper name I pass as a second argument here or as a
third argument.
Actually where does Propp name or this value of the proper name is actually equal to my folder or string.
Now if this pipe is finished you have to make sure that it has been added to AB module DCL I did this
automatically here for me.
If you created it manually make sure that you add folder pipe to declarations and add your import at
the top and then in the up component.
We apply it here in the end for a loop.
And this might sound strange because before we only used it in string interpellation.
But keep in mind that I said at the beginning of this module that pipes transform your output and the
Eighty-Four loop is simply part of your output.
Therefore of course you can add a pipe here to to my servers and then I simply say filter of course
need to pass two parameters here.
The first parameter is the filtered status this property which holds my string for which I want to filter.
And the second argument is my proper name.
So this will be a string and the string be status because I want to vote on the states property.
Now if we save this and reload Yep you'll see no service are displayed by default because no service
match just criteria.
If I type stable year you'll see we see a stable server but that doesn't look correct because we should
have more than one stable server.
If we have a look at our app component we get restabilize service.
So we only viewed the first one and the reason for this is simply that right now here I am returning
inside of this for loop.
So this is a little logical mistake here.
We should of course return outside of it and also create this aere outside of it like this.
So with this change in place now we should see that once we add stable we see all stable service and
once we add to off line we see the off line server so our filter pipe is now working as expected.
Now if we wanted to see all service we need to adjust this code that in case our filter strings empty
so we could add this here as a or condition at the top.
If filter's string equals an empty string that then we see all service and now we are able to falter
for whichever service we want to see.
This works great but there is one issue we will dive into in the next video